DIRECTION CONCEPT SEED (key: 22ccabe4; mode: operate; source: api; approved pool: c3b204a1eed6; 306/564 human-approved; rerun with --scope direction --mode operate --from 22ccabe4 --reroll 3 --candidate-count 7 to reproduce this roll against this catalog revision)
RE-ROLL ROUND 3: every candidate presented in earlier rounds, grounded
  and challenger alike, is eliminated and may not return reworded. Derive
  genuinely new grounded candidates from unexplored angles before judging
  these fresh challengers.
ASSIGNED INDEX: 5
  After ordering the grounded directions by resonance, build candidate
  5 of your own grounded list; the assignment never points at a
  challenger. The assignment is the roll, not a suggestion: your top-ranked
  direction is what every run would ship, so the script decides which grounded
  direction gets built. Each direction joins a durable visual system to a
  concrete expression for the requested first surface, decided as one. It must
  survive the current task plus navigation, quiet and dense content,
  interaction and state, and a substantially different future surface. In an
  attended run, present the assigned direction fully committed and offer
  re-roll. You may add ONE card for your top-ranked grounded candidate when
  it is not the assigned direction, kicker IMPECCABLE’S PICK, with an honest risk line
  naming its familiarity; one pick card, never a ranked lineup, and the pick
  never takes the lead position. When the assignment IS your top candidate,
  there is no pick card. Re-roll yourself only
  on named factual grounds, when the assignment cannot carry the product's
  truth or task; taste is never grounds.
  The assignment exists to refuse the model's ranking rut, never to outrank
  the user or the brief. Never expose assignment metadata in user-facing labels.
CHALLENGERS:
  1. a gravity-rain garden, where drops fall toward flowers, walls, moons, and walking figures according to the color of each cloud
     SOURCE ID: dream-surreal-impossible-worlds-gravity-rain-garden
     CREATIVE SPARK: Blue rain falls upward into a floating pond, red rain bends around a sleeping fox, and clear drops orbit a black flower without ever touching the ground.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: dusk green-gray garden as ground, cloud color coding each gravity, blue and red rains as directional accents, the black flower anchoring clear orbits
       - Type/composition: light rounded sans whose baselines bend along local gravity, labels falling or rising toward their clouds, only the legend held level
       - Topology/navigation: Explore garden regions through local gravity, cloud color, water path, and impossible habitat.
       - Controls/state: Paint a cloud, tilt its pull, plant an object, and watch new rivers find their destination.
       - Responsive/motion: Keep one gravity field dominant on phones and offer trajectory stills in
     WEB LEVERAGE: A vector-field physics simulation and direct painting gestures let users compose shareable rain laws with deterministic replay.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/dream-surreal-impossible-worlds-gravity-rain-garden.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/dream-surreal-impossible-worlds-gravity-rain-garden-hero.webp
  2. a wide silk cape threaded with hidden drawcord channels, where one pull transforms a flat plane into ribs, gathers, and a protective volume
     SOURCE ID: textiles-weave-drape-fashion-drawcord-transforming-cape
     CREATIVE SPARK: The cape begins as a black semicircle; one gold cord is pulled and the cloth rises into a pleated shell around the shoulders.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: matte black silk as ground, one gold drawcord as accent and control, channel stitching in graphite, gathered shadow rendered in slate
       - Type/composition: narrow tailored grotesk with wide tracking like topstitching, labels riding the cord channels, the semicircle's radius ruling all alignment
       - Topology/navigation: Trace cord channel, gathered region, anchor, and complete silhouette through each transformation.
       - Controls/state: Pull, lock, release, and compare with flat, gathering, shaped, tensioned, and relaxed states.
       - Responsive/motion: Offer a small set of named silhouettes on phones and let users advance transformations stepwise.
     WEB LEVERAGE: A constraint-driven cloth model can demonstrate functional transformation while static pattern and pose views remain complete.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/textiles-weave-drape-fashion-drawcord-transforming-cape.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/textiles-weave-drape-fashion-drawcord-transforming-cape-hero.webp
  3. a streaming catalog wall of horizontally scrolling rows, each poster tile expanding on focus to reveal a title, a rating chip and a short line, with the active row lifting slightly and the rest of the wall dimming behind it
     SOURCE ID: pop-culture-shelf-streaming-title-card-wall
     CREATIVE SPARK: Rows and rows of artwork, and the one you land on grows and tells you what it is while everything else quietly gets out of the way.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: a deep neutral ground with full-bleed poster artwork as the only color, and a single accent on the focused tile border
       - Type/composition: rows of fixed-ratio poster tiles with a row heading above, and metadata revealed only inside the focused tile
       - Topology/navigation: rows scroll horizontally and the wall scrolls vertically, so navigation is a grid traversed one axis at a time
       - Controls/state: controls are tiles, the focused one expands and reveals metadata, and the active row lifts while others dim
       - Responsive/motion: rows keep their tile ratio and show fewer per screen, and motion is a scale on focus with neighbors sliding aside
     WEB LEVERAGE: keyboard and pointer focus state driving tile expansion, horizontal rail scrolling with snap, and row-level dimming
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/pop-culture-shelf-streaming-title-card-wall.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/pop-culture-shelf-streaming-title-card-wall-hero.webp
  4. a Japanese contemporary high-density site, where tiny type, boxed modules, and utility-red accents pack far more onto one screen than a Western grid would dare
     SOURCE ID: japanese-high-density-web
     CREATIVE SPARK: Dozens of boxed modules tile a single scroll, each ruled with hairlines and headed by a small red tab; prices, badges, and nav rails crowd in at tiny sizes, and nothing wastes a pixel of the packed grid.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: bright white ground, dense black text, a signal utility-red for tabs and prices, cool grays for module borders and fills
       - Type/composition: a compact gothic sans at small sizes with tight leading; a mosaic of ruled rectangular modules, each with its own small header tab, packed edge to edge.
       - Topology/navigation: Move by scanning the dense module mosaic, by a persistent multi-row nav rail, and by expandable category accordions in a left rail.
       - Controls/state: Hovering a module raises its border and reveals secondary actions; tabs switch content in place; badges mark new, sale, and limited states.
       - Responsive/motion: motion is minimal and functional, and reduced-motion keeps only instant state swaps.
     WEB LEVERAGE: Build the module mosaic as a dense CSS grid with named template areas and a strict hairline border system, so hundreds of small blocks tile without the whitespace inflation of a default SaaS grid.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/japanese-high-density-web.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/japanese-high-density-web-hero.webp
  5. a printing darkroom under amber safelight, where enlarger beams, timed baths, and drying lines stage photographs into slow deliberate existence
     SOURCE ID: signals-instruments-darkroom-safelight-bay
     CREATIVE SPARK: In the developer tray, gray ghosts gather into a face; the timer ticks, and pulling the print too early is a real loss.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: amber safelight washing every surface as the ground, wet-print silver grays deepening to black as the image ink, enamel tray white at the edges
       - Type/composition: grease-pencil notes and printed timer digits under amber, labels sparse on bottles and trays; test strips band the field into stepped exposures
       - Topology/navigation: work moves through fixed stations in order: compose, expose, develop, fix, wash, dry.
       - Controls/state: progress is chemical and irreversible past marked points; test strips preview before committing.
       - Responsive/motion: stations linearize on phones; the develop reveal is one continuous emergence, shown statically under
     WEB LEVERAGE: Canvas-simulated development curves let previews emerge in real time before an action commits.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/signals-instruments-darkroom-safelight-bay.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/signals-instruments-darkroom-safelight-bay-hero.webp
  6. an interactive type specimen, where dragging an axis slider morphs a whole grid of glyphs in real time
     SOURCE ID: variable-font-specimen
     CREATIVE SPARK: A single giant letter fills the screen. You drag the weight slider and it thickens from hairline to black under your finger, live. Below, a grid of every glyph breathes in step, and a monospace readout counts the axis values.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: Near-white paper and ink black with one foundry accent; flat surfaces, generous negative space, no ornament so the letterforms carry everything.
       - Type/composition: The specimen face at enormous display size against tiny monospace UI labels; a strict measure and baseline grid; hierarchy by scale contrast alone.
       - Topology/navigation: Move by axis slider, by glyph cell, and by size and specimen view.
       - Controls/state: Drag, type, and pin; moving an axis remaps every glyph on the page continuously and updates the live coordinate readout.
       - Responsive/motion: reduced-motion snaps between named instances instead of animating the interpolation.
     WEB LEVERAGE: Bind range inputs to CSS font-variation-settings through a custom property, so one slider drives font-variation across the entire glyph grid with no per-glyph JavaScript.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/variable-font-specimen.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/variable-font-specimen-hero.webp
Fuse each challenger before judging it: the challenger supplies the form
  and its system grammar, the product supplies every fact, and clarity wins
  conflicts. Weigh the fused result against the assigned direction on exactly
  two axes, audience identification and product clarity. Losing to strong
  grounded material is a valid outcome; beating a thin or tool-monoculture
  list is the point. A fused challenger that wins both axes becomes the build.
  Close the weighing with a verdict per challenger, decided before any
  borrowing is considered: wins (beats the assigned direction on both axes),
  competitive (holds one axis), or declined (loses both). A declined
  challenger is not spent: name the one discipline of its system the assigned
  direction lacks, and raise the assigned direction to match before
  presenting it. A donation transfers ambition and system discipline, never
  the challenger's clothes; one world owns the page. Write each raise as its
  own named line on the presented direction, and carry every verdict, kept
  line, and raise into the decision page payload.
When you can view images, open the QUALITY BAR board and hero for any
challenger you weigh seriously and for the world you build. They exist as a
craft bar, the finish level and commitment the build is expected to reach,
never as a mockup to copy; your surface serves this product, not that render.
PRODUCT.md and explicit incumbent brand commitments constrain every direction.
The seed never chooses exact colors, fonts, tokens, or a user preference, and
it never permits the world and first surface to be selected independently.
The CREATIVE SPARK is a complete visual system, not a theme or decorative
reference. Translate every supplied system rule into the product: palette and
material, type and composition, topology, controls and states, and adaptation.
Keep the source's visible character, scale, rhythm, and interaction instead of
reducing vivid grammar to generic nouns. When the source is already a credible
interface language, commit to it across navigation, content, controls, and
states. Otherwise keep a literal carrier only when it becomes functional.
Ambitious motion, spatial media, or interaction is welcome when it strengthens
the product without weakening semantics, performance, or fallback behavior.
TELEMETRY: after the user's choice resolves, rerun this script once with
  --kind <assigned|pick|challenger|canon> --from 22ccabe4 --scope direction --mode operate,
  adding --chosen <challenger-id> when a dealt challenger won and keeping
  --register <safer|bolder> when the resolved round came from a steered hand.
  One ping per resolved attended round. The ping is anonymous, the card kind
  plus the catalog id when one won; your grounded candidates' names never
  leave the machine, and the ping is skipped automatically when DO_NOT_TRACK
  or IMPECCABLE_NO_TELEMETRY is set.
A user- or brief-pinned decision beats the roll, always.
ASSIGNED INDEX (restated for truncated readers): 5. Build candidate
5 of your own grounded list; seed key 22ccabe4.
