DIRECTION CONCEPT SEED (key: 22ccabe4; mode: operate; source: api; approved pool: c3b204a1eed6; 306/564 human-approved; rerun with --scope direction --mode operate --from 22ccabe4 --reroll 2 --candidate-count 7 to reproduce this roll against this catalog revision)
RE-ROLL ROUND 2: every candidate presented in earlier rounds, grounded
  and challenger alike, is eliminated and may not return reworded. Derive
  genuinely new grounded candidates from unexplored angles before judging
  these fresh challengers.
ASSIGNED INDEX: 6
  After ordering the grounded directions by resonance, build candidate
  6 of your own grounded list; the assignment never points at a
  challenger. The assignment is the roll, not a suggestion: your top-ranked
  direction is what every run would ship, so the script decides which grounded
  direction gets built. Each direction joins a durable visual system to a
  concrete expression for the requested first surface, decided as one. It must
  survive the current task plus navigation, quiet and dense content,
  interaction and state, and a substantially different future surface. In an
  attended run, present the assigned direction fully committed and offer
  re-roll. You may add ONE card for your top-ranked grounded candidate when
  it is not the assigned direction, kicker IMPECCABLE’S PICK, with an honest risk line
  naming its familiarity; one pick card, never a ranked lineup, and the pick
  never takes the lead position. When the assignment IS your top candidate,
  there is no pick card. Re-roll yourself only
  on named factual grounds, when the assignment cannot carry the product's
  truth or task; taste is never grounds.
  The assignment exists to refuse the model's ranking rut, never to outrank
  the user or the brief. Never expose assignment metadata in user-facing labels.
CHALLENGERS:
  1. an alphabet storm, where letters condense into words, break into weather, and reshape the landscape according to grammar
     SOURCE ID: dream-surreal-impossible-worlds-alphabet-storm
     CREATIVE SPARK: Black letters gather into CLOUD, burst into rain, and carve the word RIVER across white ground; changing one vowel turns the current into a field of silver ravens.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: paper white ground, storm-letter black as both body ink and weather mass, one silver flash for words mid-transformation, rain gray for spent grammar
       - Type/composition: a single monumental grotesk behaving as matter, kerning loosening into wind, words breaking across lines as literal weather fronts on an open field
       - Topology/navigation: Travel between letter fronts, word formations, grammatical forces, and the landscapes they produce.
       - Controls/state: Type, split, conjugate, and recombine language while physical consequences remain reversible.
       - Responsive/motion: Use one word-weather event per phone viewport and preserve readable text throughout transformation.
     WEB LEVERAGE: Text parsing, procedural particles, and semantic rules turn typed language into deterministic weather with accessible narrative descriptions.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/dream-surreal-impossible-worlds-alphabet-storm.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/dream-surreal-impossible-worlds-alphabet-storm-hero.webp
  2. a technical deep dive down a volcanic island wall, where one small diver leaves the turquoise surface, crosses a cold blue thermocline, and enters a mesophotic garden of black coral, glass sponges, and falling marine snow
     SOURCE ID: rivers-tides-ocean-depths-mesophotic-deep-dive
     CREATIVE SPARK: At forty meters the last warm red drains from the diver's gloves; a lamp clicks on, revealing black-coral branches and white particles falling past a wall with no visible floor.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: abyssal ink blue deepening by dive stage as the ground, chalk-white marine snow as particle texture, one thermocline cyan band marking the active depth
       - Type/composition: monospaced dive-computer digits for depth and gas beside quiet grotesk notes, one vertical depth axis ruling every line of copy
       - Topology/navigation: Descend through surface, thermocline, reef ledge, mesophotic wall, turnaround depth, ascent stops, and the vertical route home.
       - Controls/state: Descend, hover, illuminate, mark, turn, and ascend with daylight, cooling, dark, gas-limited, decompression, and surfaced states.
       - Responsive/motion: Pair the vertical dive profile with selected close views; stop drift and bubbles under
     WEB LEVERAGE: A synchronized depth-and-time scrub can change light, color, sound, species, and ascent obligations together, while any observation remains pinned to its exact depth and dive phase.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/rivers-tides-ocean-depths-mesophotic-deep-dive.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/rivers-tides-ocean-depths-mesophotic-deep-dive-hero.webp
  3. the seven-segment display family, bedside clocks, gas-station price totems, scoreboards, and microwave panels all speaking one eight-cell mask where unlit segments are designed too
     SOURCE ID: signals-instruments-seven-segment-alarm-clock
     CREATIVE SPARK: At 3am the bedroom hour hangs as four red digits; by noon the same alphabet quotes gasoline at two meters tall, and at the stadium the score slams from 98 to 100 with nothing sliding, segments simply dying and igniting.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: lit segments in LED red, amber, or scoreboard green on matte near-black ground, unlit segments held as faint ghost cells; red glow owns the night register
       - Type/composition: one eight-cell mask makes every glyph, digits ranked in fixed slots with the colon or decimal as its own cell; absence is drawn as deliberately as light
       - Topology/navigation: the layout is a rigid mask of cells, from four bedside digits to a price totem's stack; place never moves, only which segments light
       - Controls/state: modes cycle by held buttons, set digits blink while everything else holds; the flashing 12:00 of an unset clock is the canonical error state
       - Responsive/motion: cells scale as whole units and never reflow mid-glyph; every change is an instant segment swap
     WEB LEVERAGE: CSS grid and clip-path build a true segment mask with ghost cells, and a shared worker keeps blink phase synchronized across every open tab
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/signals-instruments-seven-segment-alarm-clock.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/signals-instruments-seven-segment-alarm-clock-hero.webp
  4. A working field built as a darkroom printer's exposure record: overlapping translucent sheets over a backlit eleven-step zone ramp, where any region carries a hatch density and a stop-delta, and two hatches crossing at ninety degrees mark a conflict.
     SOURCE ID: operate-b-exposure-record-zone-sheets
     CREATIVE SPARK: A taped record card under the enlarger's glow: ruled boxes of seconds and M-filtration numbers, and a tracing-paper overlay askew on top where one region is hatched +1 1/3 and a corner is outlined to be held back.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: Backlit neutrals snapped to an eleven-step zone ramp; one glowing dichroic magenta marks filtration only; hosted images sit in a two-step mask, never hatched.
       - Type/composition: Legends in tracked condensed caps, quantities in tabular mono with 1/3 and 2/3 fractions; prose sits only on cleared light zones, hatching halting a line short.
       - Topology/navigation: Stacked translucent sheets overlap at slight angles, each squared internally; navigating slides a sheet aside instead of replacing the field beneath.
       - Controls/state: dotted outline is held back, deepest zone is selected, a struck rule is disabled, hatch density is load; two hatches crossing at ninety degrees is a conflict.
       - Responsive/motion: Sheets carry mass, sliding with slight overshoot before settling; narrow widths stack them one per column with the zone wedge repeating at each band head.
     WEB LEVERAGE: An eleven-step zone ramp as the only tonal tokens, plus a hatch layer where any region takes a numeric weight and a stop-delta, and overlapping regions cross-hatch so conflict renders without colour.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/operate-b-exposure-record-zone-sheets.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/operate-b-exposure-record-zone-sheets-hero.webp
  5. a full-bleed vertical media surface where one item owns the entire viewport, a right rail of stacked action affordances, an author line and caption anchored low, and the next item already waiting one snap away
     SOURCE ID: pop-culture-shelf-vertical-video-feed-surface
     CREATIVE SPARK: One thing fills the whole screen, four glyphs stacked down the right, and the next one is exactly one flick away and already loaded.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: media fills the frame edge to edge with a soft bottom scrim carrying the text, and pure white glyphs as the only interface color
       - Type/composition: an author line and caption anchored to the lower left, a vertical stack of action glyphs on the right, and nothing in the center
       - Topology/navigation: one item at a time occupies everything, so navigation is a single vertical snap between complete states
       - Controls/state: controls are rail glyphs, an engaged one fills and counts up, and the caption expands in place when truncated
       - Responsive/motion: the item always fills the viewport whatever its aspect, and motion is a hard snap with no partial scroll position
     WEB LEVERAGE: scroll-snap paging with preloading, engagement counts in live state, and full-viewport media fitting at any aspect
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/pop-culture-shelf-vertical-video-feed-surface.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/pop-culture-shelf-vertical-video-feed-surface-hero.webp
  6. a labanotation dance score, a vertical center staff read upward where symbol shape is direction, shading is level, and length is exact duration
     SOURCE ID: notation-diagram-systems-labanotation
     CREATIVE SPARK: In a mirrored studio a notator watches the leap twice, then draws a shaded rectangle whose exact height is the half-second the dancer hung in the air.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: white score paper and black symbol blocks, level encoded as solid, hatched, or dotted fill, the beat in progress banded pale gray across the staff
       - Type/composition: type stays marginal, small count numerals beside the staff; the vertical center staff rules the page and bilateral symmetry is the layout law
       - Topology/navigation: columns flank a center line, left column for left limb and right for right, time flows bottom to top so the future is always above
       - Controls/state: each action is a shaped block whose length is its duration, shading sets level, simultaneous acts sit side by side across the columns
       - Responsive/motion: columns thin but never merge, symmetry across the centerline is the invariant; motion rises like a slow elevator
     WEB LEVERAGE: CSS grid columns mirror the body's bilateral layout, and scroll timelines run time upward through the score.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/notation-diagram-systems-labanotation.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/notation-diagram-systems-labanotation-hero.webp
Fuse each challenger before judging it: the challenger supplies the form
  and its system grammar, the product supplies every fact, and clarity wins
  conflicts. Weigh the fused result against the assigned direction on exactly
  two axes, audience identification and product clarity. Losing to strong
  grounded material is a valid outcome; beating a thin or tool-monoculture
  list is the point. A fused challenger that wins both axes becomes the build.
  Close the weighing with a verdict per challenger, decided before any
  borrowing is considered: wins (beats the assigned direction on both axes),
  competitive (holds one axis), or declined (loses both). A declined
  challenger is not spent: name the one discipline of its system the assigned
  direction lacks, and raise the assigned direction to match before
  presenting it. A donation transfers ambition and system discipline, never
  the challenger's clothes; one world owns the page. Write each raise as its
  own named line on the presented direction, and carry every verdict, kept
  line, and raise into the decision page payload.
When you can view images, open the QUALITY BAR board and hero for any
challenger you weigh seriously and for the world you build. They exist as a
craft bar, the finish level and commitment the build is expected to reach,
never as a mockup to copy; your surface serves this product, not that render.
PRODUCT.md and explicit incumbent brand commitments constrain every direction.
The seed never chooses exact colors, fonts, tokens, or a user preference, and
it never permits the world and first surface to be selected independently.
The CREATIVE SPARK is a complete visual system, not a theme or decorative
reference. Translate every supplied system rule into the product: palette and
material, type and composition, topology, controls and states, and adaptation.
Keep the source's visible character, scale, rhythm, and interaction instead of
reducing vivid grammar to generic nouns. When the source is already a credible
interface language, commit to it across navigation, content, controls, and
states. Otherwise keep a literal carrier only when it becomes functional.
Ambitious motion, spatial media, or interaction is welcome when it strengthens
the product without weakening semantics, performance, or fallback behavior.
TELEMETRY: after the user's choice resolves, rerun this script once with
  --kind <assigned|pick|challenger|canon> --from 22ccabe4 --scope direction --mode operate,
  adding --chosen <challenger-id> when a dealt challenger won and keeping
  --register <safer|bolder> when the resolved round came from a steered hand.
  One ping per resolved attended round. The ping is anonymous, the card kind
  plus the catalog id when one won; your grounded candidates' names never
  leave the machine, and the ping is skipped automatically when DO_NOT_TRACK
  or IMPECCABLE_NO_TELEMETRY is set.
A user- or brief-pinned decision beats the roll, always.
ASSIGNED INDEX (restated for truncated readers): 6. Build candidate
6 of your own grounded list; seed key 22ccabe4.
