DIRECTION CONCEPT SEED (key: 22ccabe4; mode: operate; source: api; approved pool: c3b204a1eed6; 306/564 human-approved; rerun with --scope direction --mode operate --from 22ccabe4 --candidate-count 7 to reproduce this roll against this catalog revision)
ASSIGNED INDEX: 4
  After ordering the grounded directions by resonance, build candidate
  4 of your own grounded list; the assignment never points at a
  challenger. The assignment is the roll, not a suggestion: your top-ranked
  direction is what every run would ship, so the script decides which grounded
  direction gets built. Each direction joins a durable visual system to a
  concrete expression for the requested first surface, decided as one. It must
  survive the current task plus navigation, quiet and dense content,
  interaction and state, and a substantially different future surface. In an
  attended run, present the assigned direction fully committed and offer
  re-roll. You may add ONE card for your top-ranked grounded candidate when
  it is not the assigned direction, kicker IMPECCABLE’S PICK, with an honest risk line
  naming its familiarity; one pick card, never a ranked lineup, and the pick
  never takes the lead position. When the assignment IS your top candidate,
  there is no pick card. Re-roll yourself only
  on named factual grounds, when the assignment cannot carry the product's
  truth or task; taste is never grounds.
  The assignment exists to refuse the model's ranking rut, never to outrank
  the user or the brief. Never expose assignment metadata in user-facing labels.
CHALLENGERS:
  1. a nixie-tube laboratory counter, where stacked digits glow orange inside glass envelopes and every count arrives as visible plasma
     SOURCE ID: signals-instruments-nixie-laboratory-counter
     CREATIVE SPARK: Inside each glass tube ten metal numerals nest; the lit one hovers orange, and a count change is a tiny change of physical depth.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: neon orange digit glow inside clear glass envelopes, blackened steel chassis as ground, hairline anode mesh gray; the lit digit is the only warm accent
       - Type/composition: stacked metal numerals of one engineered digit form, each tube a fixed decimal place; labels sit as engraved caps on the panel below the banks
       - Topology/navigation: quantities are the interface; each metric owns a tube bank with fixed digit positions.
       - Controls/state: value changes cross-fade between physical digit layers; overflow and reset are visible mechanical events.
       - Responsive/motion: banks drop to essential digits on phones; digit transitions are single cross-fades under
     WEB LEVERAGE: Layered DOM digits with depth-true cross-fades render tube physics in pure CSS.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/signals-instruments-nixie-laboratory-counter.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/signals-instruments-nixie-laboratory-counter-hero.webp
  2. a pixel-art arcade cabinet screen, where fat luminous pixels, scanlines, and phosphor bloom turn a 240-line grid into a stage with real glow
     SOURCE ID: medium-native-crt-arcade-pixel-glow
     CREATIVE SPARK: Up close it is just squares; at play distance the squares fuse into a hero, and the black between scanlines is doing half the work.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: a sixteen-color sprite palette over phosphor black, scanline gaps doing half the shading, flashing white-gold reserved by law for power-ups
       - Type/composition: eight-by-eight pixel caps for score and menus pinned to the top edge, the playfield composing in whole tiles with nothing allowed off-grid
       - Topology/navigation: space is a tile grid with screen-by-screen rooms; the camera moves in whole-pixel steps.
       - Controls/state: states are sprite swaps with strict palette discipline; damage, power, and rarity are palette laws.
       - Responsive/motion: integer scaling preserves the grid at every size; bloom and scanlines are togglable capability layers.
     WEB LEVERAGE: Crisp integer-scaled canvas with shader scanline glow, and every sprite state addressable in code.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/medium-native-crt-arcade-pixel-glow.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/medium-native-crt-arcade-pixel-glow-hero.webp
  3. a sneaker archive wall, stacked cardboard boxes with silhouette line art printed on the ends, colorway names read as poetry beside monospaced size runs, tissue folded inside each lid
     SOURCE ID: textiles-weave-drape-fashion-sneaker-box-stacks
     CREATIVE SPARK: You slide a box from a stack taller than you; the end label lists the colorway name like a line of verse, the lid lifts with a cardboard sigh, and tissue paper folds back from the shape you already know by silhouette.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: burnt orange box board as the ground, black one-line silhouette art for ink, tissue white interiors, the colorway chip strip carrying accent states
       - Type/composition: condensed caps on the end label over monospaced size-run digits, the label grid of name, colorway, and size ruling every card
       - Topology/navigation: a wall of stacked boxes indexed by their end labels; you browse the stack face, pull a box halfway, and open the lid to go deeper
       - Controls/state: the selected box slides half out of the stack, opening hinges the lid and folds back tissue, the colorway chip marks which variant is live
       - Responsive/motion: the wall re-shelves to a single column of end labels on narrow screens; motion is lid hinge and tissue lift
     WEB LEVERAGE: css 3d transforms hinging box lids open on interaction, grid re-shelving the stack from wall to single column across breakpoints
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/textiles-weave-drape-fashion-sneaker-box-stacks.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/textiles-weave-drape-fashion-sneaker-box-stacks-hero.webp
  4. a seamless cyclorama passing from black night through cobalt and rose into white day, where light alone creates an infinite horizon behind the actors
     SOURCE ID: stagecraft-theater-lighting-cyclorama-dawn
     CREATIVE SPARK: The curved wall begins as depthless black; a low cobalt band appears, rose gathers above it, and the actors acquire shadows before the stage becomes day.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: depthless cyc black as ground, a low cobalt horizon band as structure, rose gathering above it, white-day wash reserved for the fully active state
       - Type/composition: lighting-plot stencil caps for cue names with tabular numerals, content held in horizontal horizon bands stacked from dark to light
       - Topology/navigation: Organize atmosphere by horizon band, time phase, subject relation, and transition interval.
       - Controls/state: Raise, blend, hold, and compare with night, first light, dawn, day, and blackout states.
       - Responsive/motion: Offer discrete atmospheric phases with labels and patterns so color is never the sole signal.
     WEB LEVERAGE: A scrubbable cue timeline binds horizon bands to actor and scene state, making each light transition inspectable while named cue states remain deep-linkable and text-equivalent.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/stagecraft-theater-lighting-cyclorama-dawn.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/stagecraft-theater-lighting-cyclorama-dawn-hero.webp
  5. a busytown cross-section spread, a cutaway world where every building loses its wall, every vehicle its hull, and every object wears a small printed label, dozens of workers mid-task in one continuous gouache scene
     SOURCE ID: graphic-worlds-publishing-busytown-cross-section
     CREATIVE SPARK: You lie on the rug tracing a tiny car through a page where the bakery has no front wall, the flour sack says flour, and every fireman, pig, and pickle truck is busy doing exactly what its label promises.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: cheerful gouache flats on paper white, brick red, school-bus yellow, and grass green in even midtones, a thin warm brown outline holding every shape
       - Type/composition: small roman labels beside every object with a hairline pointer, one hand-lettered headline per spread, constant scale so no label outranks another
       - Topology/navigation: one continuous scene pans edge to edge; entering a building slices its facade away as a cutaway, and roads carry you between districts
       - Controls/state: hover names anything with its printed label, busy items show a worker mid-task, and an opened building swings its wall aside while neighbors keep working
       - Responsive/motion: small screens frame one building at a time and pan along the road; motion is the facade swinging open like a dollhouse hinge
     WEB LEVERAGE: svg cutaway layers toggle facades while css transforms pan one continuous labeled scene under pointer or touch
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/graphic-worlds-publishing-busytown-cross-section.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/graphic-worlds-publishing-busytown-cross-section-hero.webp
  6. a consumer application surface built from soft-cornered cards on a warm tinted ground, generous touch targets, friendly plain-language labels and a single saturated action color that appears only where something can actually be done
     SOURCE ID: digital-design-canon-warm-consumer-app-surface
     CREATIVE SPARK: Everything has a comfortable radius, the labels sound like a person wrote them, and the one bright color on screen is always something you can press.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: a warm tinted ground with white cards, soft large corner radii, and one saturated action color reserved strictly for actionable elements
       - Type/composition: a rounded humanist sans at comfortable sizes, plain-language labels, and cards holding one idea each with generous internal padding
       - Topology/navigation: cards stack in a single scrolling column with a persistent bottom bar, so navigation stays reachable by thumb
       - Controls/state: controls are cards and the bottom bar, the active tab takes the action color, and disabled actions lose the color entirely
       - Responsive/motion: cards go full width and the bottom bar persists, and motion is a soft spring on press with no bounce on entry
     WEB LEVERAGE: an action-only accent as a theme custom property, spring press feedback, and a thumb-reachable persistent bottom bar
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/digital-design-canon-warm-consumer-app-surface.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/digital-design-canon-warm-consumer-app-surface-hero.webp
Fuse each challenger before judging it: the challenger supplies the form
  and its system grammar, the product supplies every fact, and clarity wins
  conflicts. Weigh the fused result against the assigned direction on exactly
  two axes, audience identification and product clarity. Losing to strong
  grounded material is a valid outcome; beating a thin or tool-monoculture
  list is the point. A fused challenger that wins both axes becomes the build.
  Close the weighing with a verdict per challenger, decided before any
  borrowing is considered: wins (beats the assigned direction on both axes),
  competitive (holds one axis), or declined (loses both). A declined
  challenger is not spent: name the one discipline of its system the assigned
  direction lacks, and raise the assigned direction to match before
  presenting it. A donation transfers ambition and system discipline, never
  the challenger's clothes; one world owns the page. Write each raise as its
  own named line on the presented direction, and carry every verdict, kept
  line, and raise into the decision page payload.
When you can view images, open the QUALITY BAR board and hero for any
challenger you weigh seriously and for the world you build. They exist as a
craft bar, the finish level and commitment the build is expected to reach,
never as a mockup to copy; your surface serves this product, not that render.
PRODUCT.md and explicit incumbent brand commitments constrain every direction.
The seed never chooses exact colors, fonts, tokens, or a user preference, and
it never permits the world and first surface to be selected independently.
The CREATIVE SPARK is a complete visual system, not a theme or decorative
reference. Translate every supplied system rule into the product: palette and
material, type and composition, topology, controls and states, and adaptation.
Keep the source's visible character, scale, rhythm, and interaction instead of
reducing vivid grammar to generic nouns. When the source is already a credible
interface language, commit to it across navigation, content, controls, and
states. Otherwise keep a literal carrier only when it becomes functional.
Ambitious motion, spatial media, or interaction is welcome when it strengthens
the product without weakening semantics, performance, or fallback behavior.
TELEMETRY: after the user's choice resolves, rerun this script once with
  --kind <assigned|pick|challenger|canon> --from 22ccabe4 --scope direction --mode operate,
  adding --chosen <challenger-id> when a dealt challenger won and keeping
  --register <safer|bolder> when the resolved round came from a steered hand.
  One ping per resolved attended round. The ping is anonymous, the card kind
  plus the catalog id when one won; your grounded candidates' names never
  leave the machine, and the ping is skipped automatically when DO_NOT_TRACK
  or IMPECCABLE_NO_TELEMETRY is set.
A user- or brief-pinned decision beats the roll, always.
ASSIGNED INDEX (restated for truncated readers): 4. Build candidate
4 of your own grounded list; seed key 22ccabe4.
